feat: [CDS-87234]: add release notes for terragrunt cli options (#4665)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

Harness NextGen release 80811 includes the following changes for the Harness Delegate.

:::danger Breaking change

> When using terragrunt "All Modules" module configuration, the terragrunt plan and apply commands won't have this CLI options flag: --terragrunt-include-external-dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Terragrunt **All Modules** **Module Configuration**, the Terragrunt Plan and Apply commands don't have the  `--terragrunt-include-external-dependencies` CLI options flag. (CDS-87234)
```

Harness NextGen release 80811 includes the following changes for the Harness Delegate.

:::danger Breaking change

> When using the Terragrunt **All Modules** **Module Configuration**, the Terragrunt Plan and Apply commands don't have the  `--terragrunt-include-external-dependencies` CLI options flag. (CDS-87234)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Terragrunt **All Modules** **Module Configuration**, the Terragrunt Plan and Apply commands don't include the  `--terragrunt-include-external-dependencies` CLI options flag. (CDS-87234)
```
